chore(usage): add secrets section for secrets concepts overview (#269)
go-vela/docs: content/usage/examples/secrets_internal.md

It is assumed you have created secrets `docker_username` and `docker_password` in the web interface or [CLI](/docs/reference/cli/).
{{% /alert %}}

> The examples show a pipeline using repository secrets. Vela contains three secret types: repository, organization, and shared. Please see the [secret concepts](/docs/tour/secrets/) documentation.

Reviewer: Should this say `repo` instead of `repository` and `org` instead of `organization`?

```suggestion
The examples show a pipeline using repository secrets. Vela contains three secret types: `repo`, `org`, and `shared`. Please see the [secret concepts](/docs/tour/secrets/) documentation.
```

I ask because I could go either way but in the codebase, we use `repo` and `org` as the types:

https://github.com/go-vela/types/blob/master/constants/secret.go#L9-L13

Author: Consistency is good. Modified.
